change migration from v1 to v2 queries in model (#4203)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/migration/transformer-migration.mdx

* `@hasMany` creates a "one-to-many" relationship with the target model. 
* `@belongsTo` facilitates a bi-directional relationship between two models. For example, use the `@belongsTo` directive on a `@hasMany`-relationship’s target model to create a relationship back to the source model.
* `@manyToMany` creates a new relationship cardinality for Amplify’s GraphQL Transformer. Traditionally, customers had to create a “join table” between two models and create hasMany relationships from both models into that join table as a work around for this feature. _*With the new transformer*_, customers can specify a `@manyToMany` relationship between the models and Amplify CLI will create the join tables behind the scenes.
    * Note: if you want to store additional properties on the join table, or if you have an existing join table, you can continue to use two `@hasMany` <=> `@belongsTo` relationships to facilitate a many-to-many relationship.

>     * To prevent any DataStore sync errors when using Table Joins from occurring please remove the `queries: null` from `@model(queries: null)` in your GraphQL Schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * To prevent DataStore synchronization errors when using Table Joins, remove the `queries: null` from `@model(queries: null)` in your GraphQL Schema.
```
